we asked a few familiar faces what they
thought of the results thrilled relieved
a minute it's horrible for the first got
to go out it really because everyone
bonds you know you all come into this
not knowing really bizarre then you get
to know each other very well because you
share that I'll share the nerves you
share the tension you share what it's
like to start from scratch or something
you have no experience of what will I
take away from it and during loathing of
the foxtrot properly nourished measure
and learning a lot of the damn show and
in the physicality of it so pleases the
people bought in me and they miss they
love me and they beliefs day I
entertained us stand anomic says it's
probably worse than the dance then I'd
say news really yeah i think so you
could be any nervous on this video the
noise of the sound has always done I
thought my heart was doing that as well
as I waiting for a name we did it here
we've got a great dance band but i'm
very pleased about the broadway
selection i think they knew as well yes
we've got a song i want to create
something really really magical back to
square one and you've done and you can
we all better get bit harder so I mean I
need to get sucked in now it's time to
have your say comments on the BBC
strictly resource blog and let the
nation know what you thought of the
results